---
description: questions to revisit every year
---

# 40 Questions 2025

* What did you do this year that you’d never done before?
  * I worked out consistently&#x20;
  * I did skydiving&#x20;
* Did you keep your new year’s resolutions?
  * Yes, I worked out consistently. It is more a way of life now.&#x20;
* Did anyone close to you give birth?
  * No.&#x20;
* Did anyone close to you die?
  * No.&#x20;
  * My uncle’s father died. We were not close, but I went and helped him with the funeral. It was comforting to see old friends of his show up.&#x20;
* What cities/states/countries did you visit?
  * I visited Mumbai, Bangalore, Malappuram, UAE&#x20;
* What would you like to have next year that you lacked this year?
  * Learning to be more confident in my decisions and feelings.&#x20;
* What date(s) from this year will remain etched upon your memory, and why?
  * Nothing specific comes to my mind.&#x20;
  * Dec 1, 2025 - went on a camping trip with my family. I have a great family. That trip made me understand the value of family and community.&#x20;
* What was your biggest achievement of the year?
  * I took care of my body, prioritised my needs and values instead of chasing clout and hustle.&#x20;
* What was your biggest failure?
  * Self doubting almost every choice.&#x20;
* What other hardships did you face?
  * Loneliness. Losing friends, most of my friends got married this year and it felt like being left behind.&#x20;
* Did you suffer illness or injury?
  * No. Got food poisoning once. I prefer not to get it again.&#x20;
* What was the best thing you bought?
  * My apple watch.&#x20;
* Whose behavior merited celebration?
  * Unnichettan.&#x20;
  * He knows what he wants and the way he pushes you out of your comfort zone, knowing for sure that you will enjoy something.&#x20;
  * How he brings people together.&#x20;
* Whose behavior made you appalled?
  * Some people in my workplace.&#x20;
  * Lack of empathy, hustling, low trust.&#x20;
* Where did most of your money go?
  * The biggest expense of this year was travel and food.&#x20;
* What did you get really, really, really excited about?
  * Skydiving and my Dubai trip this year.&#x20;
* What song will always remind you of this year?
  * End of Beginning
* Compared to this time last year, are you: happier or sadder? Richer or poorer? Healthier or unhealthier?
  * Happier, Healthier and Richer&#x20;
* What do you wish you’d done more of?
  * More conversion with friends and family.&#x20;
* What do you wish you’d done less of?
  * Doomscrolling.&#x20;
* How are you spending the holidays?
  * With family or with friends.&#x20;
  * Food, conversation, photos.&#x20;
* Did you fall in love this year?
  * No.&#x20;
* Do you hate anyone now that you didn’t hate this time last year?
  * Yes.&#x20;
* What was your favorite show?
  * Pluribus and Modern Family.&#x20;
* What was the best book you read?
  * Let my people go surfing.&#x20;
* What was your greatest musical discovery of the year?
  * Nothing of that sort. I listened to a lot of different people.&#x20;
* What was your favorite film?
  * Local Hero&#x20;
* What was your favorite meal?
  * Rice, chicken, prawns&#x20;
  * Blueberry muffin and fili tea&#x20;
  * Blueberries.&#x20;
* What did you want and get?
  * Apple ecosystem.&#x20;
* What did you want and not get?
  * A relationship?&#x20;
* What did you do on your birthday?
  * Went out to have food with friends.&#x20;
* What one thing would have made your year immeasurably more satisfying?
  * Having someone to share happiness with.&#x20;
* How would you describe your personal fashion this year?
  * Casual shirts and jeans&#x20;
* What kept you sane?
  * Workouts and sleep.&#x20;
* Which celebrity/public figure did you admire the most?
  * Yvon Chouinard&#x20;
* What political issue stirred you the most?
  * Wars. Communal violence.&#x20;
* Who did you miss?
  * Gopu. He moved to Bangalore. I always came home wanting to meet up with him and exchange news. Thodupuzha feels a bit more lonely without him.&#x20;
* Who was the best new person you met?
  * Matthew and Varsha Chechi&#x20;
* What valuable life lesson did you learn this year?
  * Consistency and flexibility over rigidity and perfection&#x20;
  * Family, community and social time is important&#x20;
* What is a quote that sums up your year?
  * "I've always thought of myself as an 80 percenter. I like to throw myself passionately into a sport or activity until I reach about an 80 percent proficiency level. To go beyond that requires an obsession that doesn't appeal to me." Yvon Chouinard
  * “A quiet secluded life in the country, with the possibility of being useful to people to whom it is easy to do good, and who are not accustomed to have it done to them; then work which one hopes may be of some use; then rest, nature, books, music, love for one's neighbor — such is my idea of happiness.” Tolstoy
